        

’[Μίτὶι, it lesent from Pei-th to, 3, 29; salmon

¹⁴‘nent from Moray to, 193 house of sir

ι J “Alexander Fon-ester in, appropriated to

«ζΚίιιὲε victuale, 353 barley in granary

¹ ¹ at, 83; grain and fex-mes conveyed from

” .’ ῘΒυιὼειι· tn, 99; Quean's horses brought

, ,to Kinghorn from, 106; no custom of

'¹ ” English goods at, 212; timbersssent from

” Darnaway forest to, 237 ; eustom paid at,

, 5⁴, of salt charged at Dysart, 287; transport

¹ of Eastland boards to, 288; wheat aud

malt from Dunbar transported to

f granary at, 496, malt damaged on

s, voyage from Berwick to, 5793 spiees,

'² · δια, carried from Edinburgh to, 664.

Ι-.-- King's work at, loeks and keys for,

,, 223; timber for, 295, 368.

— John, his labours regarding eustom,

» 286.

:Lekko (Leeco), sennes of, 55, 169, 256,

,“ 325, 470.

, ——Tayle of, formes of, 169, 256, 325,

- 470.

ι’ Lekky pledged to Adam Cosoure, 50,

. 183.

. LempatelaW‚ William, readers account of

, -- bailies of Lauark, 304.

J Lenoach. See Leonacht.

ζ Lenternware. See Custom.

J'j eny (Lane), in Menteith, laird of, thieves

, · captured by 30113 of, 389.

’ Leonacht (Leonaeh, Lenoaeh), fei-mes of,

54, 169, 255, 325, 469.

· Lepers near Stirling, payments to, 246,

Λ 393, 444.

⁵ Leremonth (Lermounth, Leirmounth),

Alan, master of King's avery at Fau<-

, land, oats to, 270, 459, 570, 571 3 weges

Δ v paid to, 474, 654.

— George, renders account of bailies of
Haddington, 668.

 

John, Comptroller, in Kirkcudbright
lettingssCrown lands, 93 payment by,
s Laii5uhane 111 King's hands, sermes of,
granted to Lord Kennedy, 260.

 

INDEX. 735

Lesly, in ward by death of Alexander
Lesly of that Ilk, 557, 6483 ward os,
granted in part to Lord Boyd and
assigned by him to Alexander Lesly, and
111 part to Alexander Lesly, 652.

—— Lady of, her terce, 560, 651.

’- Alexander, of that Ilk, Lesly in ward
by his death, 557, 649.

—— Alexander, senior, sasine of Wardris
and other lands to, 461.

——— Alexander (of Balquhain, 460 ; of
Bakomy, 556, 647), tutor of Walter
Berelay of Grantuly, 43, 222, 305, 377,
439, 519, 669; marischal, has ward of
William Fudes, 123; his account as
Chamberlain of earldoms of Mar and
Garioeh, 460, 556, 641, 651, letting
lands of Mar, 463, his see as Chamber-
lain, 463, 561, 650; his labours 111
northern parts, 464; riding to Kil-
drummy and returning to Peebles, 560;
making provision for King at Aberdeen,
560; his fee.as marischal from ward of
Lesly, 560, 651 ς’ marts received from,
by Chamberlain of Moray, 6433 sasine of
Selby and Lochtallow to, 6493 riding
from Edinburgh to summon Lord F orbes
aud Alexander Irvine of Drum, 651.

⁴—— Henry, sasine of Ardoune to, 40, 4613
Ardoune in ward by his death, 649.

———- Bishop John, his History, xxxii, lv.

-— Sir Wflh‘am of Balquhain, ward of
Lesly granted to, 560; Wardris, Wrais of
Side, &c.‚ in ward by his death, 460.

Lesouris (Lisouris)‚ Friar Andrew,
carpenter, lay brother of Cupar, 544,
xlix; wages at Falkland, 75; to buy
joists sor Raveuscraig, 138; timber to,
to repair bombards and for works at
Edinburgh Oastle, 294; dressing timber
sor roofs in Darnaway F orest, 358,
repairiug chapel at Stirliug, 449, 544;
sends timber from Moray to works at
Linlithgow, 6373 to buy timber sor
Linlithgow, 657.

Lessintrule. See Lossyntrule.

